and details everyone goes out of men
I hope you are well in any case
me guys it's great and today
we find ourselves for a small comment
harry on the chain titanium fr ma
first appearance on this channel
so I will not introduce myself being
given that the gameplay is going to be pretty
then runs precisely in speaking of the
5 mp gameplay that we just riser
so if nuclear on mute in 2025 on
black ops 2 in 94 seconds not really
a program that did not hesitate to
see his chain that will be in the
description and so here I am going to spend
directly to the ad so as I
wanted to say it's really an ad
quite important at the level of call of
duty that's why I wanted to be claude
and we will try to send this
Video by side about it and see corte
so today ben the annunciation of the
beta out of black ops 3 on ps4
then the dates are set for the 19th
August 2015 on ps4
so they they told us we
his sweat
on the official twitter of treyarch so
the message is right it's gold with this
amazing date of black ops multiplayer
beta or and begin in haiti nineteen dont
that means here is the ast that are
proud to announce that there that the
beta of black ops 3 will be available on
on ts 4.9 August 19th so that's really
an ad that is super fun for
the players do 4 I know it's going in
disgust not bad because good it's not
still announced on xbox one but you
do not worry it'll come out
and then anyway I think it will be
about a week later so here we go
it is then we will have time in order to
see gameplay on youtube you
not worry and then anyway he
must know that everyone will be served
whether it is xbox one ps4 ps3 or even
xbox 360
could you I do not know yet but
do not think there will be black ops 3 on
Wii U
in any case I hope that as in
rate will have pleased you do not hesitate to
put a kill with my comment that
always happy
and then I tell you both
next for for a possible new
comment harry it was bordeaux sportez
you alibay well everybody